This completes the module on OAuth2 authentication.
Easy, wasn't it?
That's because under the covers,
Spring is taking care of a lot of the complexity for you.
The Spring team have really done a good job here.
Now in this module you learned how authentication is performed using OAuth,
how to use Spring Security OAuth2 to add sign-in with third party providers,
such as Google and Facebook.
Now if you want to learn more about Spring Security to OAuth support,
there are some great course on Pluralsight.
Java Microservices with Spring Cloud: Developing Services has a one-hour
long module on securing microservices with OAuth2,
Securing Your Microservices with a Declarative Model for
securing your Angular apps with OAuth.
The course, Building Your First App with Spring Boot and Angular,
module Securing the Application, covers this in detail.
Now if you just want to learn more about OAuth and OpenID in general,
the course Introduction to OAuth2, OpenID Connect,
and JSON Web Tokens covers this in great detail.
We have now come to the end of our journey into
authentication with Spring Security.
If you have been following the course from the start,
you now have the foundational knowledge of the framework to
tackle most authentication challenges.
I hope you will join me in the next module where we will take a deep dive into authorization with Spring Security.